#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
alembic==1.13.1
    # via flask-migrate
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
apscheduler==3.10.4
    # via -r requirements.in
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via redis
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonlines
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   referencing
    #   trio
authlib==1.3.0
    # via data-engineering-common
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
black==23.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
blinker==1.7.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-principal
    #   sentry-sdk
blis==0.7.11
    # via thinc
boto3==1.34.8
    # via
    #   tabulator
    #   uktrade-data-tools
botocore==1.34.8
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==1.0.3
    # via pip-tools
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via tableschema
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   data-engineering-common
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via tabulator
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   flask
    #   flask-shell-ipython
    #   pip-tools
    #   tableschema
    #   tabulator
    #   typer
cloudpathlib==0.16.0
    # via weasel
confection==0.1.4
    # via
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
coverage[toml]==7.3.4
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via authlib
cymem==2.0.8
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
data-engineering-common @ git+https://github.com/uktrade/data-engineering-common.git
    # via -r requirements.in
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
dnspython==2.4.2
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.1.0.post1
    # via
    #   data-engineering-common
    #   flask-security-too
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
faker==21.0.0
    # via factory-boy
flake8==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
flake8-import-order==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
flask==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-security-too
    #   flask-shell-ipython
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
    #   sentry-sdk
flask-login==0.6.3
    # via flask-security-too
flask-migrate==4.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-principal==0.4.0
    # via flask-security-too
flask-security-too==5.3.2
    # via data-engineering-common
flask-shell-ipython==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
    #   flask-migrate
flask-wtf==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-security-too
freezegun==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
fuzzywuzzy==0.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gevent==23.9.1
    # via gunicorn
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via
    #   gevent
    #   sqlalchemy
gunicorn[gevent]==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via wsproto
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
    #   trio
ijson==3.2.3
    # via tabulator
importlib-resources==6.1.1
    # via flask-security-too
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipython==8.19.0
    # via flask-shell-ipython
isodate==0.6.1
    # via tableschema
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   spacy
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
json-log-formatter==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
jsonlines==4.0.0
    # via tabulator
jsonschema==4.20.0
    # via tableschema
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
langcodes==3.3.0
    # via spacy
linear-tsv==1.1.0
    # via tabulator
lxml==4.9.4
    # via -r requirements.in
mako==1.3.0
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   flask-security-too
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mohawk==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
murmurhash==1.0.10
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
numpy==1.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blis
    #   data-engineering-common
    #   pandas
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via tabulator
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via trio
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   gunicorn
    #   pytest
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
    #   webdriver-manager
pandas==2.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
passlib==1.7.4
    # via flask-security-too
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pip-tools==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.1.0
    # via black
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
preshed==3.0.9
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   flake8-import-order
pycountry==23.12.11
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.5.3
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pydantic-core==2.14.6
    # via pydantic
pyflakes==3.1.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.17.2
    # via ipython
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pytest==7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
pytest-mock==3.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   pandas
    #   tableschema
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via
    #   data-engineering-common
    #   webdriver-manager
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   apscheduler
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
redis==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
referencing==0.32.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   data-engineering-common
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   spacy
    #   tableschema
    #   tabulator
    #   weasel
    #   webdriver-manager
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via tableschema
rpds-py==0.15.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.10.0
    # via boto3
selenium==4.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sentry-sdk[flask]==1.39.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   apscheduler
    #   asttokens
    #   isodate
    #   linear-tsv
    #   mohawk
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tableschema
    #   tabulator
smart-open==6.4.0
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via spacy
sqlalchemy==2.0.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   data-engineering-common
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
    #   tabulator
    #   wtforms-sqlalchemy
sqlalchemy-utils==0.41.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
srsly==2.4.8
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tableschema==1.20.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulator==1.53.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tableschema
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
thinc==8.2.2
    # via spacy
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   pip-tools
    #   pyproject-hooks
    #   pytest
toolz==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via spacy
traitlets==5.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
trio==0.23.2
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.11.1
    # via selenium
typer==0.9.0
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   black
    #   cloudpathlib
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
tzlocal==5.2
    # via apscheduler
uktrade-data-tools @ git+https://github.com/uktrade/dt08-data-tools.git
    # via -r requirements.in
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   tableschema
    #   tabulator
urllib3[socks]==2.0.7
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
wasabi==1.1.2
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.12
    # via prompt-toolkit
weasel==0.3.4
    # via spacy
webdriver-manager==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   data-engineering-common
    #   flask
    #   flask-login
wheel==0.42.0
    # via pip-tools
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
wtforms==3.1.1
    # via
    #   flask-security-too
    #   flask-wtf
    #   wtforms-sqlalchemy
wtforms-sqlalchemy==0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via tabulator
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==6.1
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
